# 1.
1. Abandon oneself to something：完全屈服（Tom tried and tried but failed again and again. Finally, he abandoned himself to despair）
2. Abase oneself 　 — make oneself humble. 　 — 降低自己的身分(In ancient times, people of low social status often abased themselves in the presence of an influential or powerful person)
3. Abide by something 　 — observe or follow something. 　 — 遵守某事 (When you play a game, you must abide by the rules and regulations concerned.)
4. Back a/the wrong horse　 — 下错了赌注；支持输家(The manager backed a wrong horse by giving the much-coveted job to Jack, who turned out to have a criminal record.)
5. Back away (from doing something)— 因害怕或厌恶而后退 (1. The cat backed away as the stranger raised his hand to hit it. 2. In the face of strong opposition, the government has backed away from increasing taxes.) 
6. Call forth/out something— 使某事物出现；引出某事物(1. Lily's outward appearance was so attractive that it called forth admiration from every man in the office. 2. Difficulties in life may call out a person's good qualities not easily seen in good life.)
7. Call in someone/something　— 请某人来(Please call in my family doctor).  — request the return of something. 　 — 下令收回某物 ( 1. The banks have called in all the old one-dollar notes. 2. A Japanese car maker has called in some cars with engine faults.) 
8. Dab hand at (doing) something, a 　 — clever at (doing) something. 　 — (做)某事的能手 　 Example: As Susan is a dab hand at interior design, let her decorate the new apartment for you. 
9. Dabble in something 　 — play with water by moving one's hands and feet about. 　 — 涉水 　 Example: The children enjoyed dabbling in the river water after the rain. 　 — do things in a half-serious manner. 　 — 涉猎；浅尝辄止 　 Example: Sean does not like stamp-collection but only dabbles in it at his leisure. 
10. Had better 　 — it would be wise to. 　 — 最好 　 Example: You had better go home before rain comes. 
11. Haggle over/about something 　 — argue in an attempt to fix a price on something. 　 — 讨价还价 　 Examples: 1.Mrs Li haggled with the storekeeper over the goods she was buying. 2. I seldom haggled about the food price when I found it reasonable.

# 2.
